What is missing:

The following commands are not implemented or only partially implemented. Please note that all commands that support saving
the output to a file are WIP. That option is not supported.

    Not at all or partially implemented/disabled: smg, dbar, val

    Partially implemented: lachelp, cc (file), gc (file), rc (file)

Planned for 3.0 but either only partially implemented or not implemented at all:

    10) Any pop-ups will have their position information stored in an ini file.

    18) New DG command. This displays the current gear set and can be written to
        a file.

    23) Implementing the VAL command to validate gear sets. This is a WIP.

    B1) Separating gear sets from the code. It's more separated than it use to be,
        but it is not completely separated. Not sure how to do this.

    B2) Being able to designate an elemental obi in a generic form within a gear
        set. The appropriate one will be loaded.

    B3) Being able to designate an elemental gorget in a generic form within a
        gear set. The appropriate one will be loaded.

    B3a) Being able to designate rse/af/etc gear in a genrtic manner. Some of
        the structure has been designed. It's been given to Hyde to populate.

    B4) Add pop up to display ptt (pet to target) details, color coded. (XIUI
        might do this already. Need to check.)

    B5) Add pop up grid overlay for locks that can be positioned over the equipment
        grid from equipmon.

    B6) Add pop up display to show day cycle.

    B9) Add feature to equip HP down/HP up set. This is needed for gear requirements
        such as on a sorcerous ring or minstrels ring. Still fleshing out the
        specifics for this requirement.

No - B10) When a gear set is equipped, display the name in the display bar. (Still
         deciding if this makes sense since a lot of sets are composites.)

         -- Not doing. This has too many opportunities for ambiguities.

    B11) Add optional parameter on /ei so you can designate a specific ring or
         earring. (Coded gear already supports this. This parameter is needed
         in case you explicitly use a piece of gear's name.)

    B14) Add feature that can track cooldowns. How to do this is currently
        unknown.

Also:

    - Do a better job of integrating Claustrum

    - Change Offensive Curing to recognize undead via the eco/family identification

        I'm reworking the eco/family system completely. When done, this will
        be trivial.

    - See if I can support color output to a file. (Maybe support html?)

      Have the routine write pseudo colorization. Pass that line and the file pointer
      (fptr) to an interpreter. If fptr is null, convert to display the line on the
      screen. If fptr is not null, convert colorization to html.

        html will be written to a file. I've started to implement this.

    - Add support for HP up/down sets regarding the use of sorcerous ring or
        minstrels ring.

Done - In /rc, colorize Beastmen to purple. Also, yellow is light yellow. See if you
      can find true yellow

    - Make sure code to load monster eco/family definitions is working correctly.
      (Maybe load on zoning?)

      Being rewritten.
