What is missing:

The following commands are not implemented or only partially implemented. Please note that all commands that support saving
the output to a file are WIP. That option is not supported.

    Not at all or partially implemented/disabled: smg, dbar, val

    Partially implemented: lachelp, cc (file), gc (file), rc (file)

Planned for 3.0 but either only partially implemented or not implemented at all:

    10) Any pop-ups will have their position information stored in an ini file.

    11) Timed hold on gear, to lessen likelihood of "flickering". Please note that
        something like that has been implemented when kneeling. Swapping between
        healing HP or MP will not flicker back and forth.

    18) New DG command. This displays the current gear set and can be written to
        a file.

    23) Implementing the VAL command to validate gear sets. This is a WIP.

Not Doing - A11) Creating a I_AM_CHARMED set or a /disrobe command

        Not Doing - Charmed players can no longer change equipment. Patch: 3/20/26

    A14) Removing FractionalSet

    B1) Separating gear sets from the code. It's more separated than it use to be,
        but it is not completely separated. Not sure how to do this.

    B2) Being able to designate an elemental obi in a generic form within a gear
        set. The appropriate one will be loaded.

    B3) Being able to designate an elemental gorget in a generic for within a
        gear set. The appropriate one will be loaded.

    B4) Add pop up to display ptt (pet to target) details, color coded. (XIUI
        might do this already. Need to check.)

    B5) Add pop up grid overlay for locks that can be positioned over the equipment
        grid from equipmon.

    B6) Add pop up display to show day cycle.

    B9) Add feature to equip HP down/HP up set. This is needed for gear requirements
        such as on a sorcerous ring or minstrels ring.

    B10) When a gear set is equipped, display the name in the display bar. (Still
         deciding if this makes sense since a lot of sets are composites.)

    B11) Add optional parameter on /ei so you can designate a specific ring or
         earring. (Coded gear already supports this. This parameter is needed
         in case you explicitly use a piece of gear's name.)

    B13) Add command SHOW to track gearset changes. Mostly will be used for debugging.
         /lac debug currently does something similar.

    B14) Add feature that can track cooldowns

Also:

    - Do a better job of integrating Claustrum

    - Change Offensive Curing to recognize undead via the eco/family identification

    - See if I can support color output to a file. (Maybe support html?)

      Have the routine write pseudo colorization. Pass that line and the file pointer
      (fptr) to an interpreter. If fptr is null, convert to display the line on the
      screen. If fptr is not null, convert colorization to html.

Other:

    - visible/invisible on display bar switches works, but for the non-commands I'd
      have to add a bunch of new commands. Instead, I'm removing the visible/invisible
      option from the individual commands and moving them to options on the /dbar
      command.

    - In /rc, colorize Beastmen to purple. Also, yellow is light yellow. See if you
      can find true yellow

    - Make sure code to load monster eco/family definitions is working correctly.
      (Maybe load on zoning?)
